Add IsDataAccessInCardDesignerEnabled flag (#572)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOTenant.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsDataAccessInCardDesignerEnabled 

The IsDataAccessInCardDesignerEnabled settings (defaulted to false) will allow Viva Connections Dashboard operators to access SharePoint and Graph API's in the Card Designer card.

> The valid values are:  

Reviewer: >   [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=21&length=2)

remove trailing spaces

> - False (default) – SharePoint and Graph API's cannot be accessed in the Card Designer card.

Reviewer: >API's [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=41&length=5)

should be "APIs" not "API's"

> - True – Users with edit permissions on the Dashboard will be able to access SharePoint and Graph API's in the Card Designer card. 

Reviewer: >API's [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=98&length=5)

should be "APIs" not "API's"

> Note: Further documentation on this feature is available [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/viva/features/card-designer/card-designer-api-support).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For further documentation on this feature, see [Overview of Viva Connections Card Designer advance API features](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/viva/features/card-designer/card-designer-api-support).
```
